Povo Conta
Describe the quantity of each element depicted in the works of the Museu do Ipiranga collection.
Your contributions will spread over a series of internet pages, such as collaborative books, image libraries and even the Wikipedia!
Browse the Museu do Ipiranga collection by one of the categories
Choose one of the selections of the category
Choose one of the images in the selection
Log in to your account by clicking the Login button and grant the necessary permissions for edits using Povo Conta
If you wish, skip this image by clicking in Skip
Or go back to the homepage and browse in another selection
Count how many elements of each do you see and fill the form with the values
When you finish filling them, click in CONFIRM
Your contributions are registered and can be seen immediately in Povo Conta
Povo Conta
Organization: User Group Wiki Movimento Brasil and Museu do Ipiranga
Partnership: Banco do Brasil Foundation
Support: University of São Paulo and University of São Paulo Support Foundation